== README - Marvel Report

Marvel Report is a project based in Marvel's comic books and characters.

Marvel Report project aims provide a funny way to navigate and know about the Marvel World, get complete information about your favorite characters, see the relation between villains, know what are the villains who most stand in the way of a hero, and enjoy enthusiastic and developers who wish to contribute to the project.

This project is an evolution of an algorithms' discipline work in a Software Engineering course about Graphs, initially developed in C ++ by Arthur Del Esposte and Alexandre Barbosa.

Marvel Report uses the Marvel API (http://developer.marvel.com/) to access information about Marvel's vast library of comics.

=== Development

The first thing you need is register in Marvel Developer web site in order to get your individual Public and Private Key (https://developer.marvel.com/documentation/authorization). You must use these keys in config/environments/development.rb file. If you don't, you won't be able to access the Marvel API and populate your database.

* System dependencies (Ubuntu 14.04 package names)

  * curl

  * postgresql-server-dev-9.3

* Ruby version

  2.1.3

  You can easily install it through the Ruby Version Manager - RVM. Instructions on how to do it can be found at http://rvm.io

 * Configuration

    bundle install

* Database creation

    rake db:create

* Database initialization

    rake db:setup

* How to run the test suite

    rake


* Deployment instructions

  None.

=== Install

=== Contributing

Please, have a look in how to contribute to a Free Software:

* http://example-osctc-site.github.io/curriculum/short.html

If you are going to send us any patch, make sure to use the follow programming guidelines:

* https://github.com/rubensmabueno/ruby-style-guide

=== License

Please see the LICENSE file.
Also, see the Marvel API terms of use: http://developer.marvel.com/terms

=== Authors

Copyright 2013-2014
-------------------

  Arthur de Moura Del Esposte (arthurmde at gmail.com)
  Alexandre Almeida Barbosa (alexandrealmeidabarbosa at gmail.com)